This document serves as User Agreement, Privacy Policy and Terms of
Use. It should also explain how all services and tools edited by
Radio4000 are compliant with the General Data Protection Regulation
(GDPR).

If you use the softwares, tools and services edited by
[Radio4000](https://radio4000.com/), you agree to this document, and
to solve any issues by discussing it with the maintainers and the
community.

Radio4000 is an
[association](https://fr.wikipedia.org/wiki/Association_loi_de_1901)
composed of contributors to its projects, with for objective to build
tools to promote personal and cultural diversity, learning, free
softwares and the informed use of terminals and internets.

[Radio4000](http://radio4000.com/) is a set of tools that help
organize, explore, store and share selections of music
explorations. The medias are not hosted by the maintainers of the
softwares, which instead store references to data from various
providers such as [YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/) videos.

Radio4000 and its contributors edit and contribute to the development
of Radio4000, with its ecosystem of tools and softwares, a content
management system ([CMS](http://radio4000.com/)), a
[player](https://github.com/internet4000/radio4000-player), an
[API](https://api.radio4000.com/).

The goals of Radio4000 are summed up in its
[manifesto](https://github.com/radio4000/publications/blob/master/radio4000-manifest.md).

Radio4000 and Radio4000 are always making the best effort not to store
any private information about your usages and to maintain the
integrity of your data.

You can freely export, manage and delete the data you store in these
tools. All data associated with your user account, including the
account itself, can be deleted at your convenience. You should use
this opportunity to make copies and backups of any information you do
not want to lose. Software, as any system, can fail or successfully be
harmed. Radio4000 and the contributors of the projects cannot be
responsible for such.

Unless stated otherwise, [all the software created for
Radio4000](https://github.com/radio4000/) and Radio4000 are free
software, using
[GPL-v3](https://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-3.0.en.html)and
[aGPL-v](https://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0.en.html)[3](https://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0.en.html).

The database is hosted and served by Google’s
[Firebase](https://firebase.google.com/) service. You can query the
public data using [its
documentation](https://github.com/internet4000/radio4000-firebase-rules).

The rest of the api (https://api.radio4000.com) is hosted on
https://vercel.com.

If you have any question or comment, or simply want to join the
discussion on how these tools are built, [get in
touch](https://matrix.to/#/#radio4000:matrix.org). This file, as well
as any other, should be discussed by everyone in the appropriate
channels.

If you are interested in helping migrate everything to free software
solutions, please [get in
touch](https://matrix.to/#/#radio4000:matrix.org).


If you find any bug or security issue with the softwares developed or
used by the Radio4000 projects, [let it be
known](https://github.com/radio4000/). We can all review the situation
and take appropriate measures.

We’re all here to learn and help great things to happen.

Thank you for reading.
